now the men of Israel had sworn an oath
now the men of Israel had sworn an oath at Misbah none of us shall give his
at Misbah none of us shall give his
at Misbah none of us shall give his daughter to Benjamin as a wife then the
daughter to Benjamin as a wife then the
daughter to Benjamin as a wife then the people came to the house of God and
people came to the house of God and
people came to the house of God and remained there before God till evening
remained there before God till evening
remained there before God till evening they lifted up their voices and wept
they lifted up their voices and wept
they lifted up their voices and wept bitterly o Lord God of Israel why has
bitterly o Lord God of Israel why has
bitterly o Lord God of Israel why has this come to pass in Israel that took
this come to pass in Israel that took
this come to pass in Israel that took day there should be one tribe missing in
day there should be one tribe missing in
day there should be one tribe missing in Israel so it was on the next morning
Israel so it was on the next morning
Israel so it was on the next morning that the people rose early and built an
that the people rose early and built an
that the people rose early and built an altar there and offered burnt offerings
altar there and offered burnt offerings
altar there and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings the children of
and peace offerings the children of
and peace offerings the children of Israel said who is there among all the
Israel said who is there among all the
Israel said who is there among all the tribes of Israel who did not come up
tribes of Israel who did not come up
tribes of Israel who did not come up with the Assembly to the Lord for they
with the Assembly to the Lord for they
with the Assembly to the Lord for they had made a great oath concerning anyone
had made a great oath concerning anyone
had made a great oath concerning anyone who had not come up to the Lord at
who had not come up to the Lord at
who had not come up to the Lord at Mizpah saying he shall surely be put to
Mizpah saying he shall surely be put to
Mizpah saying he shall surely be put to death and the children of Israel grieved
death and the children of Israel grieved
death and the children of Israel grieved for Benjamin their brother one tribe is
for Benjamin their brother one tribe is
for Benjamin their brother one tribe is cut off from Israel today what shall we
cut off from Israel today what shall we
cut off from Israel today what shall we do for wives for those who remain seeing
do for wives for those who remain seeing
do for wives for those who remain seeing we have sworn by the Lord that we will
we have sworn by the Lord that we will
we have sworn by the Lord that we will not give them our daughters as wives
not give them our daughters as wives
not give them our daughters as wives what one is there from the tribes of
what one is there from the tribes of
what one is there from the tribes of Israel who did not come up to Misbah to
Israel who did not come up to Misbah to
Israel who did not come up to Misbah to the Lord and in fact no one had come to
the Lord and in fact no one had come to
the Lord and in fact no one had come to the camp from jabish Gilead to the
the camp from jabish Gilead to the
the camp from jabish Gilead to the Assembly for when the people were
Assembly for when the people were
Assembly for when the people were counted indeed not one of the
counted indeed not one of the
counted indeed not one of the inhabitants of jabish Gilead was there
inhabitants of jabish Gilead was there
inhabitants of jabish Gilead was there so the congregation sent out their
so the congregation sent out their
so the congregation sent out their twelve thousand of our most valiant men
twelve thousand of our most valiant men
twelve thousand of our most valiant men and commanded them saying go and strike
and commanded them saying go and strike
and commanded them saying go and strike the inhabitants of jabish Gilead with
the inhabitants of jabish Gilead with
the inhabitants of jabish Gilead with the edge of the sword including the
the edge of the sword including the
the edge of the sword including the women and children and this is the thing
women and children and this is the thing
women and children and this is the thing you shall do
you shall do
you shall do we shall utterly destroy every male and
we shall utterly destroy every male and
we shall utterly destroy every male and every woman who has known a man
every woman who has known a man
every woman who has known a man intimately so they found among the
intimately so they found among the
intimately so they found among the inhabitants of jabish Gilead four
inhabitants of jabish Gilead four
inhabitants of jabish Gilead four hundred young virgins who had not known
hundred young virgins who had not known
hundred young virgins who had not known a man intimately and they brought them
a man intimately and they brought them
a man intimately and they brought them to the camp at Shiloh which is in the
to the camp at Shiloh which is in the
to the camp at Shiloh which is in the land of Canaan then the whole
land of Canaan then the whole
land of Canaan then the whole congregation sent word to the children
congregation sent word to the children
congregation sent word to the children of Benjamin who were at the rock of
of Benjamin who were at the rock of
of Benjamin who were at the rock of remin and announced peace to them so
remin and announced peace to them so
remin and announced peace to them so Benjamin came back at that time and they
Benjamin came back at that time and they
Benjamin came back at that time and they gave them the women whom they had saved
gave them the women whom they had saved
gave them the women whom they had saved a life of the women of jabish Gilead and
a life of the women of jabish Gilead and
a life of the women of jabish Gilead and yet they had not found enough for them
yet they had not found enough for them
yet they had not found enough for them and the people grieved for Benjamin
and the people grieved for Benjamin
and the people grieved for Benjamin because the Lord had made a void in the
because the Lord had made a void in the
because the Lord had made a void in the tribes of Israel then the elders of the
tribes of Israel then the elders of the
tribes of Israel then the elders of the congregation said what shall we do for
congregation said what shall we do for
congregation said what shall we do for wives for those who remain since the
wives for those who remain since the
wives for those who remain since the women of Benjamin have been destroyed
women of Benjamin have been destroyed
women of Benjamin have been destroyed there must be an inheritance for the
there must be an inheritance for the
there must be an inheritance for the survivors of Benjamin that a tribe may
survivors of Benjamin that a tribe may
survivors of Benjamin that a tribe may not be destroyed from Israel however we
not be destroyed from Israel however we
not be destroyed from Israel however we cannot give them wives from our
cannot give them wives from our
cannot give them wives from our daughters for the children of Israel
daughters for the children of Israel
daughters for the children of Israel have sworn an oath saying cursed be the
have sworn an oath saying cursed be the
have sworn an oath saying cursed be the one who gives a wife to Benjamin in fact
one who gives a wife to Benjamin in fact
one who gives a wife to Benjamin in fact there is a yearly Feast of the Lord in
there is a yearly Feast of the Lord in
there is a yearly Feast of the Lord in Shiloh which is north of Bethel on the
Shiloh which is north of Bethel on the
Shiloh which is north of Bethel on the east side of the highway that comes up
east side of the highway that comes up
east side of the highway that comes up from Bethel to Shechem and south of
from Bethel to Shechem and south of
from Bethel to Shechem and south of Lebanon
Lebanon
Lebanon therefore they instructed the children
therefore they instructed the children
therefore they instructed the children of Benjamin go lie in wait in the
of Benjamin go lie in wait in the
of Benjamin go lie in wait in the vineyards and watch and just when the
vineyards and watch and just when the
vineyards and watch and just when the daughters of Shiloh come out to perform
daughters of Shiloh come out to perform
daughters of Shiloh come out to perform their dances then come out from the
their dances then come out from the
their dances then come out from the vineyards and every man catch a wife for
vineyards and every man catch a wife for
vineyards and every man catch a wife for himself from the daughters of Shiloh
himself from the daughters of Shiloh
himself from the daughters of Shiloh then go to the land of Benjamin then it
then go to the land of Benjamin then it
then go to the land of Benjamin then it shall be and their fathers or their
shall be and their fathers or their
shall be and their fathers or their brothers come to us to complain that we
brothers come to us to complain that we
brothers come to us to complain that we will say to them be kind to them for our
will say to them be kind to them for our
will say to them be kind to them for our sakes
sakes
sakes because we did not take a wife for any
because we did not take a wife for any
because we did not take a wife for any of them in the war for it is not as
of them in the war for it is not as
of them in the war for it is not as though you have given the women to them
though you have given the women to them
though you have given the women to them at this time making yourselves guilty of
at this time making yourselves guilty of
at this time making yourselves guilty of your oaths and the children of Benjamin
your oaths and the children of Benjamin
your oaths and the children of Benjamin did sir
did sir
did sir they took enough wives for their number
they took enough wives for their number
they took enough wives for their number from those who danced whom they caught
from those who danced whom they caught
from those who danced whom they caught then they went and returned to their
then they went and returned to their
then they went and returned to their inheritance and they rebuilt the cities
inheritance and they rebuilt the cities
inheritance and they rebuilt the cities and dwelt in them so the children of
and dwelt in them so the children of
and dwelt in them so the children of Israel departed from there at that time
Israel departed from there at that time
Israel departed from there at that time every man to his tribe and family they
every man to his tribe and family they
every man to his tribe and family they went out from there every man to his
went out from there every man to his
went out from there every man to his inheritance in those days there was no
inheritance in those days there was no
inheritance in those days there was no king in Israel everyone did what was
king in Israel everyone did what was
king in Israel everyone did what was right in his own eyes